Add landing page (#58)
PrefectHQ/prefect-databricks: README.md

        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discourse-browse_forum-red.svg?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422&logo=discourse" /></a>
</p>

Visit the full docs [here](https://PrefectHQ.github.io/prefect-databricks) to see additional examples and the API reference.

> The prefect-databricks collection makes it easy to create, run, and manage Databricks jobs in your Prefect flows. Check out the examples below to get started!

Reviewer: I think coordinating Databricks jobs with other tools is the value prop here, since that's the part that's difficult to do with only Databricks.
```suggestion
The prefect-databricks collection makes it easy to coordiante Databricks jobs with other tools in your data stack using Prefect. Check out the examples below to get started!
```

## Getting Started

### Integrate with Prefect flows

> Using Prefect with Databricks allows you to define and orchestrate complex data workflows that can take advantage of the scalability and performance of Databricks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using Prefect with Databricks allows you to define and orchestrate complex data workflows that take advantage of the scalability and performance of Databricks.
```

This can be especially useful for data-intensive tasks such as ETL (extract, transform, load) pipelines, machine learning training and inference, and real-time data processing.

Below is an example of how you can incorporate Databricks notebooks within your Prefect flows.

> Be sure to install [prefect-databricks](#installation) and [save to block](#saving-credentials-to-block) to run the examples below!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to install [prefect-databricks](#installation) and [save a credentials block](#saving-credentials-to-block) to run the examples below!
```

If you don't have an existing notebook ready on Databricks, you can copy the following, and name it `example.ipynb`. This notebook, accepts a name parameter from the flow and simply prints a message.

```python
name = dbutils.widgets.get("name")
message = f"Don't worry {name}, I got your request! Welcome to prefect-databricks!"
print(message)
```

> Here, the flow launches a new cluster to run `example.ipynb`, waiting for its completion. Replace the placeholders and run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the flow launches a new cluster to run `example.ipynb` and waits for the completion of the notebook run. Replace the placeholders and run.
```

    return run

jobs_runs_submit_flow(
    block_name="BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER"
    notebook_path="/Users/<EMAIL_ADDRESS_PLACEHOLDER>/example.ipynb",
    name="Marvin"
)
```

Upon execution, the notebook run should output:

```
Don't worry Marvin, I got your request! Welcome to prefect-databricks!
```

> !!! info "Input JSON in the place of objects"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "Input dictionaries in the place of models"
```

>     Instead of using the built-in models, you may also input valid JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Instead of using the built-in models, you may also input a valid dictionary.
```
